---
layout: post
title: "New Me?"
date: 2016-04-30
category: blog
cover: http://serriferous.github.io/img/s.jpg
---
<div class="row">
<div class="col-md-8 col-md-offset-2">
<div class="row">
<div class="col-md-12">
So, I've never really been one to understand make up, or contouring. Never put on lipstick. Never had my brows done, or drawn them. Now it's just eyeliner, concealer (eye bags sigh) and bronzer for special occasions a few days a year. Laziness trumps vanity I suppose...<br>
<br>
I used to be at peace with my natural look. Not that I thought I looked good, far from it actually. I just never felt a need to do anything about it. Why doll myself up knowing it wouldn't give me internal peace. For external acceptance, to temporarily fill an empty void of insecurities? And what if it wasn't just filling the empty cavity but making it bigger? I was conflicted, wanting to feel good about myself but not wanting to derive it from others.<br>
<br>
But maybe false comfort is still comfort, I suppose it isn't that big a deal. <br><br>
So. I'm gna write pieces of stuff below I find out about my face and what-not, it's really just for my own reference. Unless mb there're others who are equally overwhelmed as I am :-( then I m glad to be here to share your pain w you. <br><br><br>

<div class="text-center"><button type="button" class="btn read-more-btn" data-toggle="collapse" data-target="#coll1">Read More</button></div>
<div class="space"></div>
<div class="col-md-12"> 
<div id="coll1" class="collapse">
<div style="text-align: left;">
<h16>Eyes</h16><br>
Not sure if I have 0 attention for detail but watching videos on identifying eye shapes and face shapes frustrate me 'cause they all look the same?? So I honestly don't even know what my eyes are but I'm gna guess it's almond??<br>
<br>
1. Primer<br>
2. Light shade across the eyelid from lashline to brow bone<br>
3. Apply medium shade in a '>' shape along upper lashline and crease<br>
4. Apply dark shade on the outer corners<br>
5. Apply nude shade eye liner on lower lid<br>
6. Mascara and shit but I'm probably gna skip that... this is excessive and I m lazy...<br>
 <br>
<br>
<h16>Face</h16><br>
Idk if I'm oval, round or heart????? Idk sigh.<br>
<br>
1. Moisturizer + Foundation<br>
2. Highlight <br>
3. Countour with angled brush, deep brown not bronzer<br>
4. Blend from center out, and from outside in.<br>
5. Apply setting powder lightly, press and roll over<br>
Gna trial and error until I find what fits best I suppose...<br>
<br>
Sigh y is this so tough.

<br><br>
(Tq sephora for your many youtube videos~)

</div>
</div>

</div>
</div>
</div> 
</div>
</div>


