---
layout: post
title: "Constant"
date: 2016-05-30
category: blog
cover: http://serriferous.github.io/img/135.jpg
---
<div class="row">
<div class="col-md-8 col-md-offset-2">
<div class="row">
<div class="col-md-12">
<div align="center">
"Everything flows," said Heraclitus. Everything is in constant flux and movement, nothing is abiding. Therefore we "cannot step twice into the same river." When I step into the river for the second time, neither I nor the river are the same."
  </div>
<br><br>
Change - while anticipated, we underestimated. The weight of things past and present amassed. But we remained fixated on the single end point. Pushing aside every sign, every warning along the way hoping to reach that end. Had my faith changed, we would have made it through. But while everything is in constant flux and movement, my God and my faith is not.
<br><br>

I always thought given my past, I would be undeserving of Forgiveness. Of Grace. Of Love. We accept the love we deserve, I know that to be entirely true now. The past 3 years while I have believed, I have also strayed; I was a wilful defiant child bargaining with God, wrestling sense from senselessness, trying to convince Him (or perhaps myself) that there ought to be some way around this. That I love you and would give anything to be with you. That I thought I could keep both loves and if I had to, I would give up His. 
<br><br>
I used to scoff at the idea of peer pressure. Looking back now that's all the past 3 years have been. Being someone I wasn't, doing things that kept me up at night crying after. Each time I felt like I was in deeper than before and couldn't extricate myself. So I laid there, naked, broken, tangled in the web I weaved. <br><br>
But maybe now I realise, while I can't erase my past, and while it does define me. It doesn't have to consume me. My past is not my whole. And it isn't too late for me to get back to living the life that made me happy, in the fullness of the term and in the way God intended us to feel it. Not passing highs and drunken stupors, no crashing lows. <br><br>
<div align="center">
Just, happy.
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>            
</div>

