---
layout: post
title: "Lacunae"
date: 2016-05-14
category: blog
cover: http://serriferous.github.io/img/IMG_8055.jpg
---
<div class="row">
<div class="col-md-8 col-md-offset-2">
<div class="row">
<div class="col-md-12">

  <h15>where to next?</h15>
<br><br>
Haven't posted anything in 2 weeks but thankq viewers for visiting tho my mundane life is rlly not v interesting to read about...
<br><br>

First week of work has been... Can't even find the words to describe it. <br><br>
Broke down and bawled on Thurs not because of the 3am meeting the previous night (tho maybe the lack of sleep contributed to heightened emotions) because in all honesty I enjoyed that late meeting when things were getting done and everyone was aligned. But the thought of the days/years to come just mentally defeats me.
<br><br>
There's much to think about.<br><br>
About value.<br>
About prospect.<br>
About possibilities.<br>
About industry outlook. <br>
About organisational structure. <br>
<br>
Though more than anything, right now I just want to stop thinking.<br>
But I can't. <br>
<br>
3 years ago in the final interview I asked how career development and progression was like.<br><br>
I got a generic political answer.<br><br>
3 years later. Maybe I've realised the answer. And I'm jaded af.<br><br>

<br>
Nonetheless, thankful for the few colleagues (from a year ago and a week ago) for their advice and counsel. And for affirming my observations. While neither of us know what's the best next course of action for me, having y'guys here is honestly keeping me sane. And I really cannot fathom the thought of y'guys not being around.<br><br>
Whenever I say please don't leave before I leave, I don't think y'guys know how much I really mean it.<br>


</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>            
</div>

